gender-and-society.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Gender and Society
permalink: /gender-and-society.html
date: 2016-10-04
tags: gender, society, equality, upou
---

_This page is under construction. Sources and other materials will be added soon._

## Prezi Presentation: Gender and Society

<iframe id="iframe_container" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen="" mozallowfullscreen="" allowfullscreen="" width="740" height="538" src="https://prezi.com/embed/kmw-8r5i0eya/?bgcolor=ffffff&amp;lock_to_path=1&amp;autoplay=0&amp;autohide_ctrls=0&amp;landing_data=bHVZZmNaNDBIWnNjdEVENDRhZDFNZGNIUE43MHdLNWpsdFJLb2ZHanI0aTF6b0YzblJ5RVhwdW5neDZpeW5pemNBPT0&amp;landing_sign=dPlCAtd6QQvfq81f7WGMm8_kU3NhmFFDGkBIFDsNamU"></iframe>

## References and Image Sources

* Sexuality & Gender 101, <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZ9-qQ68EnQ>
* The Genderbread Person, <http://itspronouncedmetrosexual.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/1600-Genderbread-Person.jpg>
* The Pink & Blue Project, <http://www.jeongmeeyoon.com/aw_pinkblue.htm>
* Socialization[1].ppt, <http://www.slideshare.net/kamranishfaq/socialization1ppt>
* AGENTS OF SOCIALIZATION, <http://hrsbstaff.ednet.ns.ca/mskinner/Sociology/Socialization/agents_of_socialization.htm>
* Gender Discrimination, <https://prezi.com/pza-0esb12sc/gender-discrimination/>

## Useful Links and Resources
* Global Gender Gap Report, <https://www.weforum.org/reports/global-gender-gap-report-2015/>
* Philippine Commision on Women, <http://www.pcw.gov.ph/>
* Sexual Harrassment, <https://prezi.com/r7bvoes3kems/sexual-harassment-presentation-updated-71913/>
* Sexual Assault, <https://prezi.com/xgbzh8mszgj-/sexual-assault-presentation-updated-12513/>

Commit message:

Added video and additional info. Removed under construction notice.

gender-and-society.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Gender and Society
permalink: /gender-and-society.html
date: 2016-10-04
tags: gender, society, equality, upou
description: >
    This page contains links to references, image sources and other materials
    related to my assignment in SOC SCI 13.
---

## About

This page contains links to references, image sources and other materials
related to my assignment in SOC SCI 13.

The requirement of the assigment is stated as thus:

> You are to take part in creating awareness and spreading accurate information
> about topics and issues related to Gender and Society.  Recruit at least seven
> audience members to whom you will discuss what you have learned from Modules
> 1-4.  The discussion shall be an organized educational session for the 
> learners, lasting 15-18 minutes, video-recorded and documented in a write-up 
> for submission.

I delivered a short lecture to the staffers of “Ang Muog”, the student newspaper
in Filipino of Gumaca National High School.

## The Recording

<iframe width="740" height="416" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/4DUTstO3jrU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>


## Prezi Presentation: Gender and Society

<iframe id="iframe_container" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen="" mozallowfullscreen="" allowfullscreen="" width="740" height="538" src="https://prezi.com/embed/kmw-8r5i0eya/?bgcolor=ffffff&amp;lock_to_path=1&amp;autoplay=0&amp;autohide_ctrls=0&amp;landing_data=bHVZZmNaNDBIWnNjdEVENDRhZDFNZGNIUE43MHdLNWpsdFJLb2ZHanI0aTF6b0YzblJ5RVhwdW5neDZpeW5pemNBPT0&amp;landing_sign=dPlCAtd6QQvfq81f7WGMm8_kU3NhmFFDGkBIFDsNamU"></iframe>


## References and Image Sources

* Sexuality & Gender 101, <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZ9-qQ68EnQ>
* The Genderbread Person, <http://itspronouncedmetrosexual.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/1600-Genderbread-Person.jpg>
* The Pink & Blue Project, <http://www.jeongmeeyoon.com/aw_pinkblue.htm>
* Socialization[1].ppt, <http://www.slideshare.net/kamranishfaq/socialization1ppt>
* AGENTS OF SOCIALIZATION, <http://hrsbstaff.ednet.ns.ca/mskinner/Sociology/Socialization/agents_of_socialization.htm>
* Gender Discrimination, <https://prezi.com/pza-0esb12sc/gender-discrimination/>

## Useful Links and Resources
* Global Gender Gap Report, <https://www.weforum.org/reports/global-gender-gap-report-2015/>
* Philippine Commision on Women, <http://www.pcw.gov.ph/>
* Sexual Harrassment, <https://prezi.com/r7bvoes3kems/sexual-harassment-presentation-updated-71913/>
* Sexual Assault, <https://prezi.com/xgbzh8mszgj-/sexual-assault-presentation-updated-12513/>
* UP Diliman Gender Office, <http://www.dgo.upd.edu.ph/>
* UP Center for Women's and Gender Studies, <http://cws.up.edu.ph/>
